Psalm 126 a song of a sense when the
Psalm 126 a song of a sense when the Lord brought back the captivity of Zion
Lord brought back the captivity of Zion
Lord brought back the captivity of Zion we were like those who dream then our
we were like those who dream then our
we were like those who dream then our mouth was filled with laughter and our
mouth was filled with laughter and our
mouth was filled with laughter and our tongue with singing then they said among
tongue with singing then they said among
tongue with singing then they said among the nation's the Lord has done great
the nation's the Lord has done great
the nation's the Lord has done great things for them the Lord has done great
things for them the Lord has done great
things for them the Lord has done great things for us and we are glad bring back
things for us and we are glad bring back
things for us and we are glad bring back our captivity Oh Lord as the streams in
our captivity Oh Lord as the streams in
our captivity Oh Lord as the streams in the south those who sow in tears shall
the south those who sow in tears shall
the south those who sow in tears shall reap in joy he who continually goes
reap in joy he who continually goes
reap in joy he who continually goes forth weeping bearing seed for sowing
forth weeping bearing seed for sowing
forth weeping bearing seed for sowing shall doubtless come again with
shall doubtless come again with
shall doubtless come again with rejoicing bringing his sheaves with him